README.md, before:

# Dot Game

This game is a fun game that I pick for pastime. It's challenge could be enjoyable and fun!

Most features of this code:

- Correctness of implementation
- Simplisity
- Security
- Coehision
- Fake player
- Strong input validation

An small project such this should replace to gist. But I want to improve it sometimes on a day of week. This game should be featureful and interesting! Even we can add this game to OpenBSD games XD

# How to start game ?
When I was student in some classes of school we don't listen to teacher and play a fun game. In Iran this game known as نقطه بازی and I say dot game.

In this game users should draw some lines between points. Some who created a square with lines can own this square and it's ID will place on square. Winner will get a gift and enter new coordination while he is winner.

## Sample output:
```
*--*--*--*--*--*
|B |B |B |B |B |
*--*--*--*--*--*
|B |B |B |B |B |
*--*--*--*--*--*
|A |B |B |A |A |
*--*--*--*--*--*
|B |B |B |B |A |
*--*--*--*--*--*
|B |B |B |B |B |
*--*--*--*--*--*

score(A): 4; score(B): 21;
```

## Game modes
This game have normal and profesional mode based on lenght of 2D array. On normal mode game board should a `4*4` board and on profesional mode board should be `6*6`.

Other mode of this game is faker mode. With enabling this feature B player will be fake and random.

## Arguments
```
./dotgame [normal|pro] [fake]
```

# Contribution
This project is completely open to contribute and every patch will accepted! Please report all bugs and your recommendations on issues or solve some of this issues!

Accpeted contributions:
- Reporting bug or recommend feature
- Refactoring
- Fix bugs
- Solve issues
- Translate README and documentions for wiki
- Fix typo
- Add necessary comment for complex codes
- etc

Please help me to improve this project!

# License
We haven't license now. Maybe we pick BSD LICENSE for future.

Commit message:

Grammatical mistakes in readme file
Line 3: Replace (It's challenge could be enjoyable and fun!) with (It's a challenge that could be enjoyable and fun!).
Line 17: We use past tense, so i replace (don't) with (didn't).
Line 19: I replace (Some who) with (First one who) and also we don't need {ed} for (create) It's simple tense not past.
Line 39: You missed (have) after (should) on second sentence.
Line 41(1): I replace (with) with (when you); Sentence was meaningful before this, but now is eyeful.
Line 41(2): (player B) not (B player)

README.md, after:

# Dot Game

This game is a fun game that I pick for pastime. It's a challenge that could be enjoyable and fun!

Most features of this code:

- Correctness of implementation
- Simplisity
- Security
- Coehision
- Fake player
- Strong input validation

An small project such this should replace to gist. But I want to improve it sometimes on a day of week. This game should be featureful and interesting! Even we can add this game to OpenBSD games XD

# How to start game ?
When I was student in some classes of school we didn't listen to teacher and play a fun game. In Iran this game known as نقطه بازی and I say dot game.

In this game users should draw some lines between points. First one who creat a square with lines can own this square and it's ID will place on square. Winner will get a gift and enter new coordination while he is winner.

## Sample output:
```
*--*--*--*--*--*
|B |B |B |B |B |
*--*--*--*--*--*
|B |B |B |B |B |
*--*--*--*--*--*
|A |B |B |A |A |
*--*--*--*--*--*
|B |B |B |B |A |
*--*--*--*--*--*
|B |B |B |B |B |
*--*--*--*--*--*

score(A): 4; score(B): 21;
```

## Game modes
This game have normal and profesional mode based on lenght of 2D array. On normal mode game board should have `4*4` board and on profesional mode board should be `6*6`.

Other mode of this game is faker mode. When you enabling this feature, player B will be fake and random.

## Arguments
```
./dotgame [normal|pro] [fake]
```

# Contribution
This project is completely open to contribute and every patch will accepted! Please report all bugs and your recommendations on issues or solve some of this issues!

Accpeted contributions:
- Reporting bug or recommend feature
- Refactoring
- Fix bugs
- Solve issues
- Translate README and documentions for wiki
- Fix typo
- Add necessary comment for complex codes
- etc

Please help me to improve this project!

# License
We haven't license now. Maybe we pick BSD LICENSE for future.
